h1. Frontend Toolbox

Many years ago, when IE6 was a serious consideration and not something we scare junior front-end developers with, I went to "@media 2009":http://lanyrd.com/2009/atmedia/, where "Simon Collison":http://colly.com/ talked about building a development toolkit to act as a foundation for new projects.
I thought this was a great idea, but due to one thing and another, I didn’t take it any further than thinking.

Now, several years later, I’ve spent a little time putting something together, and in the spirit of sharing, this is it.

This will almost certainly never reach any kind of formal release stage (ie, it’ll never hit 1.0.0), and will almost certainly change beyond previous recognition every year or two as I come across newer/better ways of doing things.
Additionally, I make no claim that anything here is the “best way” of doing anything, or remotely resembles “best practice”—this is simply a reflection of what was working best for me the last time I updated it =)

If you’ve any questions/comments about anything here, "drop me a line":mailto:hello@jonpearse.net or prod me on "Twitter":https://twitter.com/jonpearse

h2. Updates

h3. 0.1.0 _(September 2016)_

Added basic Javascript structure using webpack and something CommonJS-y. This is probably old-hat compared to more modern ES201x module loading, but I like it…
I’ve also tweaked the way Gulp tasks are defined to hopefully make things a little tidier.

h3. 0.0.x _(May–August 2016)_

General setup and fleshing out of toolkit, and basic CSS shenanigans.
